Born to immigrant parents and growing up in a rural community, I was very lonely. As a result, I spent lots of time with a pencil and a notebook in my hands. I found that the structured nature of math quantified the uncertainty of life into an objective truth that could be deduced through logic. While I have since moved to Forsyth and made amazing friends, I have always retained the spark for math that sparked my curiosity about the world around me.
To keep the spark alive, I decided to heavily engage with math at school, the activity that takes up most of the week. Since elementary school, I've been a part of my school's math team and have competed in a wide variety of competitions ranging from Mathletes to the annual UGA Math Competition. In addition, I've looked into other ways that involve math in more practical ways. I've competed in the Data Analysis Competition for FBLA, where, by comparing different data on pollution, my team was able to come 2nd place with our proposal to improve the air quality of New York City. To link another interest, cybersecurity, to math, I joined Alliance's Cyberavengers. I've taken part in many different competitions, such as National Cyber League and Cyber Patriot, and they have all taught me that math doesn't just play a role in computing; it is the underlying mechanism that allows the Internet to even function.
I felt that it was finally time to achieve my younger self's dream of using math to progress in the real world. I decided to start a small Mexican business called Elote King with my brother and my friend Christian. I took the responsibility of being the Chief Financial Officer, and now, for the past 3 years, have used all different types of regression and prediction algorithms based on market data to further my gratitude for the language of the universe, mathematics.
I see GHP as a way to further the connections that math provides to my other interests. Whether it be the data analysis I do for my job, cybersecurity, or even something I haven't discovered yet, I know GHP can offer me different perspectives, such as Game Theory, that offer unique ways of using math in other walks of life.